I'm going to call to order the town of
Andover Board of Selectman regular
meeting for Monday, May 11th. Uh we're
going to get started at 7:02 p.m. Our
first item on the agenda is the pledge
of allegiance.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the
United States of America and to the
republic for which it stands, one nation
under God, indivisible,
>> indivisible, with liberty and justice
for all.
>> Okay, we're going to move on to public
speak. Uh we're going to start with
Diane Grier.
>> I'm all set. Thank you very much.
>> Okay. Uh Amra Pinkham.
Oh, hi. That's me. How are you?
>> Good. How are you?
>> I'm good. Um, so we were told by the
town to uh send you guys a letter
because we had a few questions
concerning Wheeling Road. I don't know
if you saw my letter in there.
>> Did.
>> Um, so we're under contract to buy the
lot back there. And obviously it would
cost a decent amount of money for us to
be able to put the electric. It's just
going to be two houses in the back for
now. We're not doing any massive
developments or anything like that.
We're either looking for an easement or
maybe just to buy a small portion of
that that triangle that you guys own or
maybe just work something out just to
make it easier for us to get a driveway
and get electricity up to the top of the
house where the house is going to be. I
just kind of wanted to get an idea if
there's a possibility there or what the
options are. Just put it out there.
>> A land trade
>> or like a land swap of some sort. I know
there was uh cuz when we talked to the
land use officer at the town, he
mentioned that that was the old route
six and then you guys were thinking
about building a bike path potentially,
which we have no problems with. We're
avid bikers, so I would love a bike
path. Um but I don't know. Like I said,
we just kind of wanted to get some
options and see if possibility you guys
are willing to work with us here.
>> Okay. We'll sit there and it's on the
agenda. We'll also talk about it today
and then
>> Sorry,
>> we'll we'll deal with you after. All
right.
>> All right. Okay. Um, Stephen King.
>> Uh, nothing but wish have happy ated
Mother's Day to all the andover moms.
>> Perfect.
Test grass.
>> I'm all set. Thank you, sir.
>> Okay. Uh, 6988 is Carol. Joanne Heert.
>> Hello. Here to listen. Thank you. Okay.
Um,
uh, Leanne Hutchinson.
>> I'm also here to listen. Thank you.
>> Okay. So, Leanne, your number ends in
five.
>> 5475.
>> Yeah,
>> that appears also.
>> Yep.
>> Yes, that is me also.
>> Okay. And then Kimberly Pome.
>> Just listening. Thank you.
>> Right.
forget me.
>> Um, I did not. I haven't finished. Um,
>> you sound like you were done. I'm I'm
fine. I don't need anything. Hello.
>> Oh, I skipped the dog. I'm sorry, Liz.
My my my apologies.
>> No problem.
>> Can't believe that.
>> Okay, so
>> let's uh let's sit there and Did I miss
anyone before we get started any
further?
Okay, let's get started. So, our our
next item is item three, additions and
changes to the agenda. Does anyone have
any additions or changes to the agenda?
Okay. So, Ann, none. Jeff, none. Scott,
none. Carol, none.
Okay. Um, we'll move on to item four,
boards and commission presentations. I
didn't see anything in the package. I
don't believe anybody has anything. Uh,
Matt, anything that we're missing? No.
Okay. Uh, appointments. I didn't sit
there. Item five, I didn't sit there and
see anything in the agenda. So, um or in
the packet, so I'm assuming there's
nothing there. Item six, resignations. I
did not see anything there. So, we're
going to move past that. We're going to
move to item seven, town administrators
report. Matt, you're up.
>> Uh good evening, everyone. Uh Matt
Streer. Uh for the record, I did send
out uh hopefully you got uh my uh my
notes from the uh for the town
administrator's report. I uh I on the
agenda it shows like uh four items
priorities.
So uh obviously this is my first uh
actual uh report. I started the last
time that on the day of the last
meeting. So uh uh since then I've met
with the staff and the various board
members from uh different commissions.
I've met with the town attorney. I've
met with the uh superintendent. I did
get a tour of the uh elementary school
bathrooms where we're going to be having
the project. So, I'm aware of that. Met
with the state trooper. I've visited the
community center, transfer station,
public works, and the library. I've met
the librarian and the head of the uh the
friends of the library there. Um we did,
as far as the library, they did ask uh
they have a donation for a mini split
for the basement.
uh and they would like to proceed with
that. It's funded from an outside source
and I said I would bring it to the
select board but I see no no challenges
for that. It would be actually cost
savings for uh for fuel for the when you
put in the heat and it'll be uh cooling
in the in the summertime which is good
for the climate control of the uh
library and the books and the things
they have there. um how I was going to
proceed with it, but since I didn't know
if that would required anything from the
select board or not, but I thought I'd
bring it forward. We can discuss that.
Uh staffing, uh we did do interviews for
the hiring hiring of an assistant
treasurer for the finance department. We
do have a candidate which we would like
to move forward on. So, I guess as far
as you know, appointments or adding
something to the agenda, uh we would
like to uh see that person put into the
office. Uh we did do the uh posting for
the wetlands agent. It's my
understanding we've had one applicant so
far and it's uh it's a good candidate.
So hopefully if we get any others then
we will do interviews. If not we will uh
bring you a name. Um we also putting
forward uh in the newspaper the
advertisement for the assistant at the
uh community center and senior services.
We have the job applica uh job
description on that and it should be
printed in the uh I think it's the River
East this Friday and the following
Friday. Um as far as staffing, I did
want to let you know that we did get
notice from the uh the janitors uh that
they will be moving to North Carolina
the end of the month. So, we will be in
need of some janitorial services here at
town hall and fire department.
Um, so we will come up with a job
description for there and have to move
forward quickly with that. As far as
some of the projects, the logill bridge
project, I met with uh, uh, Alan Loba
and Christine Randazzo and Gino
had his name here. Well, I don't have
Gino's last name, but uh, regarding
that, they're planning to have the
they're waiting on the light at Hendy
Road. They hope to have that hopefully
by the end of the week. Originally, it
was supposed to be for today. Uh they
will not start the detour until after
they have that light operation.
Um I've visited the field project uh for
the Veterans Memorial Field for the
Pavilion of the Pickle Ball. It seems to
be uh proceeding. I've uh working on the
invoices for that. We've gotten our
second invoice and uh we will proceed
with that. One of the things that came
up was the diesel fuel system at the uh
public works department. From what I
understand, it's something that had been
discussed at previous meetings before,
but the actual failure has come to
fruition as far as the uh the uh like I
guess it's what keeps track of who's
using what, how many gallons. Uh so
there's a we got quotes to upgrade the
system there, which includes a it's web
based. It's ease of use. It keep takes
track of all the uh the buses and the
different fuel that's used by the fire
department, DPW. But we also got a quote
to replace the pump. Uh the pump is
aging and uh since we're doing both, it
looks like a considerable amount. Looks
like about $28,000 if we were to do
both. Um but it's something we really
don't have a lot of choice on. I can uh
I think I proceeded to give a uh if I'm
not wrong, the uh quotes in the packet.
Hopefully you got those.
uh continuing to uh we should consider
the uh cost of sharing of the
maintenance expenses for the other
departments per gallon. Right now it's
all being borne by the DPW, but you know
they take care of the treatment. They
take care of uh the cost for these
programs. Uh maybe it could be some some
nominal per gallon cost that we can pass
on to both the buses or to the fire
department. So or we just keep you know
keep it in house.
um talking about uh the lease about you
know the accounts and procurement of
processing invoices uh I've become a
authorized signer on the account so
that's a positive um procurement wise uh
I got the authorization to you know like
purchase things but I want to go over
with the select board at some point uh
what the range would be for uh if I
don't think I have to bring every
invoice to you but if we had a set of
dollar limit I don't know what it with
the previous administrator, it's been
something over $5,000 or as low as 1,000
or higher. So, we'll discuss that at
your convenience. Uh grant
administration. I know this is one of
the uh goals for the uh select board. Uh
working on current reporting. We did do
the uh the SLFRF
federal uh COVID funds that we had
gotten the quarterly filing and did the
close out for that. So, that's now done.
I met with uh Susan Dino from DEC and uh
we're talking about require requesting
the final $62,500
in funds which I believe is for the uh
for the project for the playground
project and we discussed reporting I
guess we also have a we also discussed
the FY27 project which will be for the
next fiscal year. It'll be another
quarter of a million $250,000.
Uh and I will continue to search for new
grants. I have some leads on some
things. I look to forward to reporting
more on those at the next report.
The town audit uh we signed the single
the state single uh audit corrective
action plan which was required by
Mahoney Sable our uh auditor that we
would uh correct any of the uh issues
that we had by June 30th. The town is
also required to appoint an auditor and
notify OPM by May 31st. So I would like
to see some action on that. I think we
would like to re uh reappoint Mahoney
Sable to uh be our auditor for the this
fiscal year coming fiscal year or
actually the close out of this fiscal
year. Um again bargaining uh there's an
expiring contract. I've reviewed that. I
made touch with the uh the law firm
today. uh
Patrick uh Patrick McCale and he's with
a law firm in Harford and they've been
our labor attorney from what I can tell
from at least 2020. Uh we had a good
talk. Uh
so we'll we'll be moving forward with
that. Discussing uh working with the IT
from South Windsor. We're looking to you
know do some upgrades there. The
firewall needs a replacement. It's
already it's a very high priority. We
have received a quote from an authorized
uh you know dealer and I think that you
know we would like to move forward with
that. I think the total cost for that is
a threeyear $5,000. I think that's it's
a I think I included the quote with the
packet as well for the it so we can move
forward getting that firewall because
it's very critical that we have
something in place. Um, I know some of
the other things that we uh do have uh
the computers here for the town
administrator. I currently have two
different ones set up because we're
having some issues. The older one does
not uh is not updated to Windows 11, so
it's not operational. I do have a
assistant uh a second one here, but uh
they have been having trouble trying to
get QuickBooks to work on it. Uh so
South Windsor is aware of it. Stephen,
our IT rep, uh he should be here
Thursday to hopefully resolve that
problem. Uh I I did talk to uh selectman
uh chair first selectman Mr. Magcguire
who recommends that we probably should
have a laptop computer for the
administrator. He also has been in the
office and recommends perhaps if we have
the funds uh getting a uh a printer and
scanner for this office. Currently I'm
doing every anything that we print is
down the hall at the town clerk's
office. I have no problem, you know,
with going there for the copers and in
the short term, but I think at some
point it'd be easier to have something
closer in this office for, you know,
scanning and printing single page
documents. Uh, I'm also looking into a
remote access program for the town
administrators that we could somebody
can we can go have people go in and do
their work if they are uh to absent. So,
if I had a meeting from home for one of
these meetings or if I'm on the road or
just uh do some work on a weekend, I can
log into my computer from home. Uh
procurement, I was uh you know, I
mentioned earlier set up as the
purchasing agent. We did receive a HVAC
quote
for maintenance of the mini splits at
Town Hall, Firehouse, Fire Department,
and the community center. Uh from what
it seems that Corbett uh of Mansfield
did the installations, they have not
been serviced since then. In fact, all
of them say CF on them. They need their
filters cleaned. They need to check the
your refrigerants, make sure they're all
good for the season. I will uh I will
keep you informed on that. Um
also, I you know have briefly talked
about the uh and Eric and I went over
where the Lake Road culvert project is.
We do need to have an easement in place
and because the target uh for going out
to bid is November of 26. So we would
like to move forward on that. Uh
upcoming events, we have the Memorial
Day parade. We got the received and re
received a DOT request to close uh 316.
We also did get declaration of
independence. There's going to be a
recital on July 8th and we would need
somebody I think that would be something
for the recreation committee to perhaps
have a person uh representing the town.
All towns in Connecticut are going to
read it. I think it's like at 8:00m on
the 8th
and
we just work we're working on some of
the things. We got the elevator. Uh
we're working to get we got a phone line
going into that because I guess it was
somehow tied to the building department.
It needs its own dedicated line. We're
working on that. Other than that, we've
had some, you know, just a couple of
complaints which I've put in the the
report and public works is working on a
draft vegetation plan as well as a new
treework consent form. So, there's been
a lot going on. There's still a lot to
do. Um, I know I went into a lot of
detail with a lot of different things,
but I'm also here to answer questions if
you have any. And, uh, that's my report.
Okay. Um, anyone have any questions for
Matt?
>> If you told me that uh Dennis was going
to do the easements for Bzola.
>> Um,
Dennis has
actually I communicated with there's
seven easements that need to be done on
the Solo Road and Lake. So, I have uh
reached out to all of the residents.
What we need to do, Matt, is coordinate
a meeting between uh the town and the
engineering firm related to the uh the
project. And um
some of the easements are small and some
of them are are large. Scott, there's
there's one that comes off of Bizola
Road and because Bizola Road, the end of
the connection of Bizola Road to Lake
Road is going to be closed, they need to
go across some um residents property to
get to Lake.
>> So, that's really the biggest problem.
>> So, all of the residents have been
communicated with at least
preliminarily. They've all seen the
preliminary documents related to the
plan and we just need to really get in
front of them and attempt to get the
easements completed um you know like
Matt said prior to the project
beginning. So we'll sit there and get
through that. Uh questions I have um the
fire laurel quote was not in the uh the
packet. So, if you can just get that out
to us, if it's $5,000, I mean, just so
everyone's aware, we have a firewall.
It's just aging. And the IT group that
was in about two weeks ago, um there's a
new director for South Windsor and
uh he was doing a complete analysis of
our hardware and our software to sit
there and make sure that we're up to
date and compliant. But we do have a
firewall. it's just not uh uh it's aging
and he wants to improve upon it. So, um
and then the other thing um
as far as it goes and the issues with
Matt's desk is Matt's desk, uh the Todd
administrator's computer was an
all-in-one computer. So, it was the
screen and the computer all in one unit.
And that unit was supposed to have been
replaced with a new desktop. Matt, one
of the South Windsor units. Has that
been done?
>> Yeah, they they have a unit that they
moved over here, but they've yet to have
that uh uh get the QuickBooks up and
running on.
>> Okay. So, all right. They got to do that
so that Matt has access into the
information and can sit there and see
where the bills are going when they get
processed. It will help him be more
efficient and be able to sit there and
work with Lisa as efficiently as he can.
And the other part about it is the
reason why he would need a laptop is
honestly the IT department has put in
protocols now. Um that the only
equipment that can remote into the town
systems
are town laptops. So it's the reason
Lisa has a laptop and it's the reason
that Matt would need a laptop. Um
so it's not that I want him to just have
a laptop. It's it's a requirement of
what the IT people are trying to do. So,
>> I reckon we don't get him a docking
station with, you know, dual monitors so
he could just plug his laptop in and
take it with him.
>> Um,
I would love to do that, Jeff, but those
are things that the IT team, you know,
>> it just it would seem to be cheaper to
me to have a laptop with a docking
station and two big monitors than have
two separate computers for him because
he could keep all the stuff on one
machine and then take it with him or
>> Yeah.
>> bring it in. That's I mean that's what I
do and it works great.
>> Um if you on Thursday if you're free and
you want to come in and and just touch
base with the IT people that would be
great because Stephen comes in and uh he
gets pulled around to a lot of different
people. But it would be great to have
you know someone other than me chirping
in his ear.
>> Yeah. You just plug you just plug it in
remotely the USBC cable. It just goes to
docking station and you got three
monitors to work on. So you can have
your email open. you can have, you know,
financial information open. It's it's
it's it's much better to work off of
that way. Okay. Um,
and then the other thing, and I I I'm
not sure I heard it mentioned, um,
Willie, the custodian, is going to be
leaving. Did you mention that, Matt, or
did I miss it?
>> Yes. Yes, I did. Yes, you did. I did.
Okay. Um, that's a big deal. We're going
to have to post that um sooner than
later. Um,
but yes, that's a that's something that
we're going to have to address as to the
requirements of that job. So, if you
can, Matt, get with Willie and get a
list, a detailed list of what he does
because he does a lot more than just,
you know, janitorial work. He's a
handyman. He does a lot of things. And I
spoke with him on Friday and he's going
to bring me a list of everything they've
ever done and like procedures and how
they do them. So he I I'm on top of
that.
>> All right. Great. All right. Anybody
else have any other questions? Uh
>> Matt, I wanted to tell you that the
Colombia wetlands agent was interested
in that job also.
>> Oh, okay.
Thank you, Scott.
Okay. And Jeff, one other event we're
working on is June 27th. Um we're going
to we're doing something with the rec
commission. We're gonna have a 250th
anniversary
car show and basically kind of a family
fun day at the end of our sportsman's
club.
>> Okay.
>> So, it's in conduction with the town and
we should be getting a lot of cars. So,
it's it's a free event for everybody.
So, um I'll have more details coming up
in the next couple weeks.
Okay.
All right. Um
anybody else with any other questions?
Anything else for Matt?
>> Thank you everyone.
>> We're going to move on to item eight,
the treasurer's report. Um I know that
it's been the information's been
included in the packet and Lisa, do you
have any uh issues? Anything you'd like
to address with us before anybody asks
any questions?
No, I just want to make sure that that
it's re the the new the new hire is
discussed so I can get her started
because she's ready to start.
>> Um
>> that's my biggest thing.
>> Okay. So, um anybody have any other
questions related to the information
that's been provided today?
Okay. So, if not, um,
uh, I know that Lisa and Matt had
interviewed multiple candidates and they
had two candidates that I had met with
briefly just to sit there and see it and
they had a candidate that they felt
would be appropriate for the position
and uh, Lisa sent us an email um,
earlier in the week or yes uh, was it
yesterday, Lisa?
>> This morning. this morning. Okay. Um,
and what is the name? Well, um, unless
anyone on the board has problem with
hiring the individual for the assistant
treasurer, is there any issues with
anyone?
>> No, I saw the resume. I thought she was
qualified.
>> Carol,
>> well, the only question I had was in
regards to the salary. Was that
calculated without the stipen the hourly
rate? And how many hours a week? 30 or
34?
>> That that that's what's in the union
contract for that position right now.
>> And what is it? 30 hours a week or 34?
>> No, it's been 30. If you guys if you
want more, then that's up to you. But I
just went by what was in the position.
like right now what it's been.
>> I had looked at the budget for that.
>> Yeah.
>> Five. And when Well, I divided it by 34
hours though. So, it is 30 hours then.
>> Yes.
>> And the hourly rate that you calculated
was how much?
>> It's in the union contract. It's $3012
an hour.
$302 an hour. Okay.
>> I just wanted to make sure that didn't
include that extra side.
>> No,
>> the extra side.
>> Okay. All right. Very good. Thank you.
>> Okay. So then if anybody Ann, do you
have any issues with the potential
candidate?
>> No, the resume looked very good.
>> Okay. So, I'm going to make a motion to
authorize the treasurer and the the town
administrator to hire uh the candidate
for the assistant treasurer position.
>> I'll second that.
>> Jeff Murray is seconded. Uh any further
discussion?
Oh, if not, I'll go around. Am how do
you vote?
>> I Carol Lee,
>> I'm going to abstain. Okay. Uh, Jeff
Murray,
>> hi.
>> Scott Person.
>> Scott voted yes. Jeff Magcguire. Yes.
401 with Carol Lee abstaining.
Okay. Um, anyone have any other
questions related to um, uh, the
treasurer's report and any of the
information in the packet?
>> Yeah, I should have said that. Any
question? Do you have any questions on
the register around the budget to
actual?
>> No, I I'm sure we're going to and
there's going to be other questions, but
there's so much going on this week and
next week and the week after that we'll
uh we'll get back to you on it.
>> Yep.
>> All right.
Okay. We're going to move on to item
nine. Uh old business. Discuss and act
upon the following. Uh 9A. review the
status of the veteran field
improvements. Um,
I know Matt briefly spoke upon it.
Scott, you want to just give a breakdown
because I know you're down there a lot.
>> You finished digging out for the
playground. All the fence posts are in.
All the fence posts around the
playground and the pickle ball courts
are in. All the light post
are uh the posts are not done but but
the foundation for all the posts are in.
The pickle ball court has been uh the
first grade of asphalt has been put on.
All the drainage has been installed. All
of it. All the electrical
all the uh underground utilities are are
in.
Um it's going around really well.
>> Okay.
>> That this this coming week they're going
to be doing doing the final grade on the
uh the asphalt grade on the pickle ball
courts and they're going to be starting
at the end of the week on on the
playground
and there's a lot of holes and a lot of
abutments that have to be put in for the
uh playground but and the uh shed is in.
So they've really gone a long ways here.
>> Okay. Do you have a timeline from the
contractor when they think they're going
to be finished?
>> They're saying, you know, two to three
weeks.
>> Okay, that's great. Anybody else have
any questions related to the veterans
field improvements?
Okay. 9B, uh, review the senior
transportation garage status. Um,
I know I spoke to Matt and and Jeff
Murray. This is something that I'd like
to get done is getting a a meeting with
the project review committee on this. Um
Matt, if we can get that scheduled for
um
see, we're going to run into the
referendum. We're going to run into the
holiday. Um if we could try, Matt, to
get some scheduled for the beginning of
June, that would be beneficial. And
let's try to get this project underway.
Um it's something that we should do. We
have the grant funding for it. we have
town approval for it. Um, you know, we
might have to sit there and address some
additional funding for it as we make
some adjustments on the the project
scope. Um, but in design, but it's just
something we just need to get moving
faster. Um,
>> yeah, I agree. Do we do we know where
the latest edition of the drawings are,
the architectural drawings, the the
renderings?
Uh, they had
>> do we ever get
>> I don't think they I don't think they
did anything additional after our
meeting, Jeff.
>> Yeah, but we need something to discuss
when we get to the the meeting. So, I
don't know if we ever got the the the
drawing packets or if that was just
something they showed us online. I don't
think we ever got the physical drawings.
>> Well, what we'll do is we'll have Matt
reach out to the the company and get
whatever drawings we can to make them
available for uh for the committee.
Yeah.
>> Okay. Um
9 C the status of the Long Hill Bridge
project. Um
Matt, have you been in direct contact
with the contractor or with anybody down
there?
You're on mute.
It's all right. We all do it.
Yeah, I had mentioned that I met with
Allan and Gino. They're the general
contracts as well as uh Ms. Randazzo,
the design company. Uh they're going to
be setting up Thursday, regular Thursday
meetings on the project. So, every
Thursday we're going to meet I I don't
know if it's going to be on site or here
at the office. Uh probably more there,
maybe at their trailer. And uh we're
going to just keep, you know, monitor
the project from start to finish. So,
>> we're hoping, as I mentioned at this top
of the at my report that uh we're hoping
that they'll get that light at the Hendy
Road up and running and then they'll be
able to start the uh that close the road
and actually start the progress. So,
they want to get going as much. They're
they're under a time time gun, too. So,
they did build in some extra time, but
they do want to get the project moving.
>> Okay. The problem is ever ever source
again.
They can't get power up at the hand knee
or at the change out finish to power
down a long hill.
>> So I think Eversource did do the long
hill. They're waiting on uh Frontier or
or perhaps uh I'm trying to remember if
it's Xfinity whoever does the the lines
there. That's the one that's at Long
Hill. They are waiting on Eversource at
the Hendy Road light, but they hope to
have that hopefully this definitely they
hope to have this week, but I can't
guarantee it because it's a utility.
>> Well, their their their
sign said May 11th first and now it's
May 13th. So hopefully they get it done
and get started by May 13th. And that's
going to once that light is up and
operational, it's going to trigger the
closure of Longill Road. That is
correct.
>> And all of the buses and everybody else
has been informed of this and is aware
of that. We just need to make sure that
uh the transportation this the student
transportation, you know, knows this is
all coming.
Um yeah, I'll although I'll call Gino
again tomorrow. He's supposed to be
keeping me informed. So, I have, you
know, I have not heard the actual that
they ready to pull the trigger yet, but
as soon as he does, I was going to let
the uh school district know.
>> Okay.
>> They hung the wires, Matt, but they did
not tighten them up yet.
>> It's a good sign,
>> but they didn't tighten them up.
>> Okay. All right. Um, any other questions
on the Long Hill Bridge project?
>> Maybe having the detour signs going up.
I haven't seen any of those yet.
>> I I haven't actually seen they put some
detour signs up, but they have them
covered with the black plastic. I I saw
some on Long Hill.
>> So, uh they'll just so that they'll be
ready. They'll just take those off.
>> So, uh I'll take a drive around
tomorrow.
>> Yeah, most of them are up. Most are up.
>> Okay.
>> That's what I thought.
>> I didn't see them on Saturday, but if
they're up today, that's great.
>> They came up today and then they
actually when you come down the hill,
the road close sign is open. So, looks
like the road is actually closed right
now.
>> Okay,
>> thank you, John. No problem.
>> Okay, any other questions?
>> All right, so 9D, the status of the
Percy Cook preliminary plan, Percy Cook
Trail preliminary plan. Um, Matt, is
there any update on that? I'm not
expecting one, but I'm just asking. I
have no news on that right now.
>> Okay. That is something that we'll want
to get with the design company to sit
there and see where they are related to
that and uh sit there and see what we
need to do to move forward on that
project. Um and now that project will
require some uh additional funding that
is available based upon the initial
grant that we had there. But we'd have
to sit there and have a whole plan ready
to go and then provide it within the
next grant application.
Right.
Um 9E status of animal control services.
Well, I've uh I last I talked to uh the
uh Nik and the attorneys and there I
guess they had gone to court and were
waiting to hear what the judgment was. I
told them that I would like to try and
uh resolve this as soon as possible. Uh
but the uh NICOG and the lawyer for
Hamilton uh sorry Howerin and Sage were
both just waiting for the response from
the uh decision on the court.
>> We haven't gotten a judge's ruling on
>> the last court appearance.
>> Yeah, I will I will call the attorney
for Hower and Sage again just to see
where we are.
>> Okay, if you can do that because again
that needs to end. That cannot be a
continuous
rolling
unending
lawsuit between the town and the
resident that has to end.
Right.
Um 9F discussion and update on the AES
RFP for the bathroom renovation. Um
Jeff, has has the contractor been
selected and costing and pricing on
that?
>> I I was told uh by the superintendent
that we are good to go. Um I know it
went to board of finance and um for the
for the project leaison and the
contract. So um as far as I know where
all systems go, I haven't heard anything
to the contrary.
>> Okay. Anybody else have anything about
the bathroom project?
Okay.
Um 9G, discussion and possible action on
the Hot River Home contract. Um I would
like to um um
I would like to make a recommendation
that the board of selectmen we get a
time to be able to meet with the Hop
River Home um
um committee. the chairperson is uh
Maria Tolman. Um it would be beneficial
for us to just sit down with them
outside of a normal meeting, get an
understanding and then come back and
rule at the June meeting as to what we
plan to do with the contract moving
forward.
So I will be sitting there getting from
Maria a couple times and I'll sit there
and come back to the board and sit there
and see if we can do it on a time that's
convenient. Um, you know, and Jeff, I
think Fridays are Mondays work, but
Fridays primarily. Is that correct?
>> Both Mondays and Fridays are okay.
>> Okay. All right. I'll sit there and see
if I can get that with Maria and
communicate to all the the members of
the board by email to sit there and try
to get that scheduled.
Um, 9H King property a lot line
agreement. Um, there were multiple
meetings held um on this topic in the
last week. Um, I believe that the
meeting with the attorneys
resolved or was going to resolve most of
the the issues. Uh, the legal documents
need to be drawn up and the closing
needs to be had to sit there and and get
this uh finalized. So, I don't think
there's anything we need to do at this
meeting uh other than we're waiting on
all of the final documents so that
everybody has them in their hands and
then we can get that approved and move
on.
>> Only thing I'd like to add is can we get
the um the reimbursement check cut the
next check run if it hasn't been cut
already. Yeah, Lisa, there is um um
there is a bill that was there for
Hellstrom surveying and we need to turn
around and write that check out to Mr.
King because he reimbursed that money.
So, let's sit there and see what we need
to do related to that and get that
processed this week if possible.
>> You're saying we have an invoice for
that? We have an invoice somewhere
related uh it it wasn't directly to Mr.
King, it was to the surveyor, but since
Mr. King paid the surveyor, we need to
reimburse Mr. King for that.
>> Okay.
>> So,
>> all right. And I believe um
there was a vote taken at a prior board
of selectment meeting that we can pull
the motion for to attach the
documentation.
>> Okay.
>> All right.
Um, anybody else have any other issues
related to the King property line
agreement?
Okay, we're going to move on to item 10,
new business and discuss and act upon
following uh 10A, the 2026 2027 budget.
What do we really want to talk about?
you'll have plenty of opportunity
tomorrow night
that I mean I hope everybody in the
public realizes there's nothing to
tomorrow's meeting. There's there's uh
an opening an appointment of a
moderator, questions asked and then
an adjournment.
Because of how the charter is currently
written, there's nothing to actually do
that can be done.
>> There's no no motions to reduce. No, no
motions to reduce.
>> Okay. Well, it's not really gonna much
of a meeting.
>> Not going to be much of a meeting. So,
and it's a,
you know, this is actually something
where this group needs to um
we we seriously need to talk about
charter revision because the way that
the charter was written uh during the uh
bifurcation
um
revision, you know, does lead us down a
pretty poor road and and honestly, I
think there should be some more
substantial changes made than just what
we're talking about here. So, we really
do need to think about doing a charter
revision because this is kind of u um
a lot of wasted time.
So, well, hopefully we don't need to
bifrocate again the next couple years.
We'll see.
>> Um
I'm not holding my breath to be really
honest.
>> I'm not either, but you never know.
>> Yep. Okay. Um,
anybody else on the budget? So, just to
let the community know, the the there
there is a town meeting tomorrow and
then the 12th and from the 12th you move
to the 26th, which is um
uh
the referendum date.
That's problematic because it's the day
after the holiday and
we're going to have to sit there and get
some information from the uh
registars as to what we're doing related
to
the 26th. So, um
and we should discuss and have
communicated early voting if it if it's
necessary because there'll be people
away on holidays.
So
yeah, that's the budget discussion.
Well, actually, I'll just explain it.
The the board of educa the board of
finance cut $50,000
cut $16,500
from the the town budget
uh across operational expenses and
capital and cut $50,000 from the AES
budget uh from operational expenses.
Well, it's not even operational
expenses. They don't get to pick and
choose what's cut. They just get to
determine the amount of money that the
board of education gets. So, those were
the two uh cuts that were made to
expenses for the town and the school. So
that is the budget and the expense
budget that's going to be discussed at
the town meeting and it's going to be up
for referendum
and then the board of finance is going
to work as to how uh how to pay for it.
So the most important part for me is
what we're spending. The most important
part for a lot of other people is how we
pay for it. And I I care a lot about how
what we're spending. So, um, but that's
what's happening. That's what's going
on. That's where we're going to go.
Those are the two key dates. So,
tomorrow, town meeting, Andover
Elementary School, 7:00 and, uh,
referendum May 26th, uh, for both the
RAM budget and for the town budget and
for the AES budget because they would
all be three separate voting align items
on the ballot. So,
>> wasn't that the second time that the
town's budget got
>> lowered?
Second time. Yeah,
>> it is the second time.
>> Yeah.
>> But again, as I said,
>> what was the first time? How how much
was it the first time?
>> I don't have the numbers, but
to me, I've said this at the last
meeting, whatever the board of finance
decides we're going to spend, we're
going to figure out how to do it
correctly. and Matt will make it work.
We'll make it work. It will work. So,
it's just how it is. Um,
it's not as if Andover is the only
community right now uh pushing back on
budgets,
>> right?
>> You know, you got every town surrounding
town around us. Uh, did Coventry pass
their Coventry didn't, but did Colombia
pass their budget?
>> They're the only ones I don't know.
Colombia pass their budget. I I
>> just heard from a resident that it did.
So I I believe it didn't.
>> That it didn't or it did?
>> Did not pass.
>> Did not pass. So if if Colombia didn't
pass their budget, then every town every
surrounding town around us didn't pass
their budget.
>> So
>> So let's make it clear.
>> Let's sit there and get through this and
deal with what we need to deal with. And
hopefully uh
you know the board of finance can sit
there and get down to it and get
something that will move forward. So
let's see where it goes. Um 10B
uh unless other people have anything
else to talk about because it's a lot of
talking on this topic.
>> I'm just I'm just disappointed. I'm just
disappointed that we cut what we cut out
of the town with the community center
and the garden and everything. It's just
it just shows how lean we are right now
and that we're having to cut things from
our our new community center which is
kind of disappointing.
>> Very disappointing.
>> The programming that we hoped that test
could put forth this year was cut.
>> But I don't blame the board of finance.
I mean everything is bare bones right
now and it's you really don't have much
to cut. It's it's it's disappointing but
it is what it is. And like Jeff said, we
will work with it.
>> Okay. Uh 10B website update discussion.
Matt, do you have any information on
where we are at with the website?
>> Yeah, I I've not gotten any anywhere
close to that. I know that we need to
have uh new.gov
email addresses by July 1st of next
year. Uh, I know Kate was working on
that, so I have not uh gotten any
headway on that yet or started to look
at that.
>> Okay. So, they're going to change our
website from andoverct.org
to andoverct.gov
and those are the email addresses that
need to happen.
>> I think it's probably going to be like
one of those where it's like
andover.ct.gov
or something like that. Um, but I don't
know all the information. I know Kate
was handling that. I've sort of let that
stay with her for the typ.
>> All right, let's sit there and see what
we can do with that one. Um,
uh 10 D uh the Wheeling Road property
discussion and this is uh related to um
uh the I'll sit there and I know their
nice little family over there. The Pink
Hams are are there and I know this is
related and and and it's okay. We're we
we we
don't allow other than board members or
and the town administrator to speak
during the meeting. So, we'll sit during
debate. So, um
there the request was included in our
packet. It's something that we should
all look at. Scott, you know the area uh
better than anybody. So, if you can sit
there and let us know as to what can
potentially be done related to that
parcel of land and if we can sit there
and what what it would be the best
interest for the town to work with the
family to sit
>> I asked Matt about that on Friday and
Matt, what did you did you look up the
deed on that property?
>> I think that property's deed restricted,
isn't it? I thought you open for open
space.
>> Yeah. I I think you can't sell it.
>> Well, probably
not the deed yet.
>> We may not We may not be able to sell
it. It might be deed restricted, but we
should sit there and look at working
through an easement to sit there and
make it workable for the family
potentially. So, it's something that
>> the best easement is the best source and
way to go, I think.
>> Yeah. So Matt, if you can check out the
deed the deed restrictions on that part
property and what we can and can't do
and we're gonna sit there and work with
the family through till the next meeting
and hopefully what we can do is have at
least a plan as to what we would want to
do with you so we can move from you.
>> All right.
>> Yeah, we'll put that on.
>> Yeah.
Quick claims to the town correct after
the
>> Yes.
Okay. So, we really have to look into
that. So, maybe Mark Branch, the land
use attorney, can look into that for us,
>> to see what we can legally do with that
>> because,
>> you know, we have to make sure we can
even give an ease in that crossing. It
was land that was gifted to us by the
state. So,
>> Well, I know there was it had to be open
space. I know. I remember when it was
given to us.
Okay, let let's sit there and just get
the deed and get an understanding of
what is possible with that property so
we can get back to the family and give
them an appropriate answer.
>> All right,
>> absolutely.
>> Okay. Um,
>> hey Jeff, should they go just another
should they go to planning and zoning
for this too? Uh, I I I would think so,
but I think what we should do, Jeeoff,
is get to the deed and go through, okay,
this is the next logical way to sit
there and progress this through.
>> Um,
>> and then even if it is allowed, we still
have to have a special town meeting
>> to have the town approve.
>> Yep.
Um,
let's sit there and and see what we what
we can do. and and Scott and Jeff and
Carol, I'm assuming, and even Ann, if
you go want to go out and look at the
property so you understand what we're
talking about, that would be great.
>> One thing I would check to see if we
could swap it for a different open
space, if we don't change our footprint,
I don't know if that's possible
>> like they were discussing.
>> Yep.
As long as we as long as the deed is
analyzed and as Carol said, it gets to
Mark Brandt. So he he gives us um
the lay of the land of what can and
can't be done. Then we can sit there and
come up with a plan that might work.
>> Understood.
>> Okay.
All right. Um 10E discussion and
possible action on a town
administrator's contract. Um
Matt has had a draft has a draft of the
contract. I've I've had a initial draft
of the contract. the um there was some
holdup related to um
the uh retirement aspects of of how to
deal with Matt and how we can sit there
and work together for the benefit of
Matt and for the benefit of the town. So
Matt is working on some of those details
related to that will get us some answers
on that and get us a draft of this
contract hopefully Matt by the end of
the month. Uh that also goes to the same
with the um um
the community center the director's
contract or those two contracts have to
get done. Uh I need to sit there and get
those processed by or into your hands
before the end of the month so we can
sit there and get these uh approved and
signed. So in Matt's case, he's working
without a contract. In Tessa's case, her
contract date expires June 30th and we
need to extend it.
>> Anybody have any issues?
>> No,
I just have a question. So, we're asking
Matt to draw up his own contract.
>> No, we drew up his contract. We're
looking for Matt to sit there and get um
legal understanding, Carol, as to the
options for retirement because right now
within the town, the town has a MURF
plan and the town has um Matt 40 457 41
I don't
>> 457
>> 457 and Carol we're looking at what the
options are of using either one of those
for the best interest of Matt and the
best interest of the town. So, we're
just looking to get an understanding of
what we can legally do.
>> Okay. And for TE's contract, I know at
our last meeting we were going to have
our labor attorney Yeah.
>> review that. Has that happened?
>> It's been sent to the labor attorney.
>> That was done today.
>> Did we get anything back?
No,
>> no, no, no. It just went today.
So, it didn't even get sent to until
today.
>> That's correct.
>> Okay. All right. Just checking. Thank
you.
>> Yeah,
>> that one I'm not worried about though
because we're going to be uh we that
doesn't expire till July 1 or June 30th.
So,
>> we have time still.
>> That that's that's correct. She's she's
operating with a contract, but Tess has
every right to want to get this done and
>> yep,
>> she's let me know about it. And if it's
on anybody, it's on me. It's not on
Matt. It's not on anybody else. It's on
me. And we'll sit there and get it
accomplished. As I told her, it needs to
be done before uh
I want it done. I would like this in
your hands so you guys can review it.
have the have the labor attorney review
the draft and then sit there and get
that draft back from the labor attorney
knowing that it aligns with the uh with
any other instruments within the town
like the the um
employee handbook or any of the other
items that might conflict and get this
all done and done right so that test is
covered, we're covered and we can move
forward.
Okay. So,
go from there. Anything else on those on
the administrator's contract?
>> Okay.
>> Hopefully by the next meeting.
>> Uh hopefully
>> that before June
>> before the next meeting so that we can
all have the document and then approve
it. And so what I'd like to do is get it
to you all. If you have any questions or
concerns, then get those back to the
labor attorney and get it finalized and
in Tessa's hand so it moves forward.
>> Go ahead.
>> Okay.
>> Yep.
So, um
um
a 10F discussion and possible action on
sharing the spirit of America. So, this
is what Matt was talking to you about uh
before and I'm assuming Matt this is not
this is this is the reading of the the
Declaration of Independence on the ETH.
>> That is correct. That's the the formal
name of it.
>> Okay. So, between now and our next
meeting, can you sit there and go figure
out where we want to have this done and
then we'll figure out how and who we
want to have read it and we'll go from
there.
>> Sounds good.
>> Um let's try that.
uh
10g discussion and possible action on
posting community and senior center
assistant director position. So um
this position will um you know is open
or the the desire is to have this posted
in the river east for the next two
weeks. Um anybody have any problem with
getting it out there and getting it
done?
>> Okay. Um,
could we go back to the what what was
the discussion or pos possible action on
sharing the spirit of of America? What
what was that a for the Memorial Day
parade? No, it's a it's a reading of the
reading of the Declaration of
Independence
>> where
>> the town wants
>> the state the state of Connecticut and
federal government are trying to
coordinate all the towns reading the
Declaration of Independence in a public
place. And so it's something that um
they're asking us to do and
we're going to try to figure out how to
get it done. There might be four of us
there depending upon if you're on
vacation, Scott, or I'm on vacation or
Ann's on vacation.
Carol might read it for us.
>> We might read it.
>> Good. It's a very nice We have to get it
framed and we have to sit there. It's a
nice nice moment that we can put on the
wall. It's in It's in Matt Matt's office
rolled up trying to protect it. So,
all right. Uh did we have any other
issues on 10G which is discussion of
possible action on the posting community
and senior center assistant director
position.
>> Do we have the job description all set
on that?
>> Matt has he's worked on
>> Yeah. Yes. I I I've received the job
description and then we we've uh uh
we'll be posting that on the website so
that uh we'll have the advertisement in
the paper for the two weeks the two
Fridays. So it'll refer please check out
the uh Andover website for the full uh
description.
I I think I'll kite, but that'll be
either tomorrow or the next day. But
she's shedding it out to the newspaper.
Okay.
>> Anybody else?
>> All right, we'll move on on that. Um
10H, discussion and possible action on
the diesel fuel system and pump
upgrades. Um
that information is in our packet. It
starts on
section or page 34. Oh, actually not 34.
I'm sorry. Um
33 is the uh
33 is the the
primary one. We probably should sit
there and and decide which one of these
options we take. I mean, from my
perspective, this has been a problem
that's been going on for years. It's
been kind of bandated together. I do
think you should go we should go with
option two. Uh the only other question
is is and uh Matt will need to get with
Erica. Are there any other potential uh
quotes that we can get related to this
project? Um and if there are, let's sit
there and bring them forth. But I would
sit there and tell you that we should
probably either um vote here. I mean, I
would take it right out of contingency
because this is just going to be a
problem forever moving forward if we
don't resolve it. Um
>> that's where you want to take the money
from.
>> That's where I take
>> Why can't we vote on it right now? Yeah,
it does need a pump. I would say it's
just the pump's as old as the software.
the software shot. They're they're doing
clipboards now.
>> Um,
and the only thing that I have a problem
with is I only have one quote.
>> I believe he he solicited other ones,
but I don't know if he's received them
yet. I'll he had an unfortunate accident
this weekend. So, I'll have to find out,
you know, who he contacted if I can
follow up with uh those. I know that he,
you know, requested multiple quotes. I
think one only one's come back. So,
We'll we'll see what we can do.
>> Can we make a motion?
>> Can we make a motion? That's it.
>> Did we put an RSTL for that or we're
just except asking for big quotes?
>> Well,
>> we're just we're asking for quotes.
>> Yeah. and Carol because this is not as
if this is a project that um
I mean we kind of knew this was going to
happen but we never really wanted to go
and ask for the money from the town's
people to sit there and get this done.
We were hoping that this would continue
to uh survive but now we're at a point
where it's not surviving. So there's
there's more of an emergency nature
related to this one.
>> Yeah. You told us about this for three
years. a normal I mean it's like us
ignoring the lake road bazula culver and
then eventually it's going to collapse.
So
>> in this case we did a project on an RFP
and the rest of the stuff and we're
taking it in advance of failure and this
is now at a failure point
>> and so if people want to know if they're
saying 28 Oh go ahead Carol.
No, I was just going to ask. So, we do
not have to have go out for an RFP on
that. What you're saying?
>> Uh, I would tell you, Carol, if we got
two maybe three quotes, I would be happy
with it because it's only a $30,000
expenditure. It's not. It's if it's a
hundred or $400,000.
So,
>> so just if people wonder,
>> sorry, go ahead, Jeff. If people wonder
from the public why this is so expensive
because it's a flammable fluid pump, it
has to be explosion proof. It's called a
class one rated area. So that's why it
the wiring methods and everything have
to be a little different. So it's it's
usually double to almost sometimes
triple the cost. And this is a boutique
it's a boutique item. So it's not
something where we're going to get 10
quotes on. It's you'd be lucky to get
probably three quotes in the area
>> for somebody that work in eastern
Connecticut that does it.
>> There's only there's only so many people
that do this type of work.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
and hopefully our inspector knows how to
do explosion proof uh inspections.
>> Okay. Um, so, um, Matt, if you can sit
there and work with Eric when he gets
back or you know with, you know, while
he's away and just try to sit there and
see if we can pull another quote or
another two quotes so we can sit there
and be comfortable that we're not so far
out of line with any of the numbers and
pick the right one. Um, I would sit
there and say we should authorize it.
Um,
I have no problem honestly making a
motion to authorize this right now
because it's one of those projects that
this this just got to get done. It's not
as if we're sitting there, you know,
we're sitting there right now
and if the pump goes, then we're really
in deep trouble.
>> Yeah.
>> So, so quick, so quick just just a
thought. If we approve it for this
amount and we get quotes that come in
cheaper, we'll go with the lower bidder.
But, you know, if we do it to for this
amount now, we know that's what we're
going to pay, but we could pay less.
>> Yeah. So, it's a question of does the
board want to sit there and authorize
Matt and Eric to go out and do the leg
work and then we have a quick special
meeting to approve it once they come
back with the final numbers. I don't
have a problem with that either. Just
knowing this project has to get done and
it has to get done quickly,
>> but I'd like to be involved at a at a
limited quantity. This is this is in my
wheelhouse. This is what I do for work.
I do these class one rated things with
pumps and explosion proof areas. So,
this is something I I know a little bit
about.
>> So, so perhaps I can connect with you,
Jeff.
>> Yes.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. If you got any questions, let me
know and I'll look through the I'll if
you get all the if you get all the
quotes together, just send them to me
and I can take a look at them.
>> Okay.
So, I would actually rather that happen.
Matt, Matt, you work with Jeff Murray,
sit there and Eric, get down to a final
number and then we'll come back and
really quick and do an approval for
this spend and then we should also sit
there and let the board of finance know
that this is potentially coming.
Well, Liz is on, so Liz, if you can let
your board of finance know that this is
coming, it's something that we've got
coming out there. Okay. uh um a 10 I uh
appointment of auditor required by May
31st, 2026. Lisa, just to um verify for
the board and not sure if this is a
board of finance or a board of selectman
issue, but um the current auditor
Mahoney and Sable has provided us with a
quote for next year's audit. Is that
accurate?
>> Yes, I asked for it during budget
season.
>> Okay. And I think it went up $1,000.
>> Okay. Um
I mean I have no problems appointing
Mahoney table for the next fiscal year.
Um but
I'm not sure if it's actually the board
of selectman's responsibility or the
board of finance's responsibility.
>> I always thought it was board of
finance.
>> Yeah, I would think so.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh our board of finance member wants to
talk. So, does anybody have a problem
with letting Liz talk?
>> Okay, Liz, go ahead.
>> I just wanted to let you know that I do
remember last year Eric came with us to
make a vote on it. That's all.
>> Okay.
>> So,
>> I don't know if that means that's what
it should be.
>> What's your next When's your next
meeting?
>> Uh, it is uh I think it's the third
Tuesday of the month.
>> The third Tuesday of May.
>> The 20th.
>> Okay. at 7 p.m.
>> So, let's Liz, put that on your agenda
and please let's get that approved. Um,
okay.
>> Lis Lisa, also please make sure that
>> uh you speak with Michael from Mahoney
and Sable and make sure that he is all
good with all that.
>> Okay.
>> All right. Thank you.
>> Yep.
>> Thank you. It looks like the schedule
date is the 27th on the calendar
for the board of finance meeting.
>> Oh, really? They have a regular schedule
meeting. Is it the third third Tuesday
>> or third Wednesday?
>> Wednesday.
>> I'm sorry. You guys are right. I You're
You're right. Don't listen to me. It's
at the end of the month.
>> So,
>> yeah. The 27th.
>> Okay. Um,
we'll sit there and we're going to have
to put it on that agenda and get that
done at that meeting.
>> Okay. I think I I did send an email
including Rob, I think, because I got
the notice from OPM. So, I'll touch base
with him again.
>> All right, let's just And Liz, I'll pro
I'll try to be on Well, I'll be on that
meeting. Um, so let's sit there and make
sure that that gets on the agenda and
gets done right off the bat
before we get into any good stuff.
All right. Um,
we're going to move on to item 11,
approval of minute meetings. Um, anybody
have any questions regarding the the
special minute meetings for the 30th or
the 9th?
They are
on page 39 of our packet for the first
special meeting.
So,
um,
I'll make a motion that we approve the
special minute meetings for March 30th,
2026.
>> Second that.
>> And Creme second. Any further
discussion?
Okay, we'll vote. And Crema, how do you
vote?
>> I.
>> Carol Lee,
>> I. Jeff Murray,
>> I
>> Scott Person,
>> Jeff Magguire, I 5 nothing.
Uh, I'll make a motion that we approve
the regular minute meetings for April
9th, 2026.
>> Seconded.
>> Jeff Murray has seconded. Further
discussion.
Uh, Ann, how do you vote? Hi
>> Carol Lee.
>> Hi
>> Jeff Murray.
>> Scott Person.
I for Scott Jeff Magcguire I 5 nothing.
All right we're going to move on to item
12 of the tax collector's report. Um
that package starts on
4546.
uh tax collector collected $1.7 million
in April.
She has a report on page 49
>> and then she has her list of taxpayers
that are delinquent and late.
Wow, I like page 55. People can sit
there and take swipes at you and still
not pay their taxes. That's terrible.
Okay. Um,
anybody have any questions for any of
the delinquent tax holders or any of the
other issues?
I notice nobody on this board is
delinquent. That's a good thing.
Okay.
>> Pretty important.
>> Pretty important. I wonder if they
should be allowed into the town meetings
to vote if they're not up to date on
their taxes. We should actually put that
into the charter.
I'd have to name that rule, too. That
would be a good naming rule. I'd have to
name it. Um, all right. We're going to
move on to item item 13, departmental
reports.
They are in our packet. Oh, actually I
I'm sorry. I have to go back one step.
On page 68, there are tax refunds and
it's item 12E.
There are a total of seven $96364
of tax refunds.
Three of them are certificate of
corrections and one is an overpayment.
The overpayment is for $76.69.
So I'll make a motion that we approve
total tax refunds for
the month of April of or yeah the month
of April of $96363
actually. Yeah.
>> Second tax.
>> Okay. Further discussion on the tax
refunds.
>> All right, we'll vote on an inter. How
do you vote?
>> Was an I. Jeff.
>> She was an I. I'm sorry I missed. Carol
Lee.
>> Yep.
>> Carol Lee is an I as well.
>> Hi.
>> Okay. Jeff Murray.
>> Yes.
>> Hi.
>> Hi. Scott Person.
>> Jeff Magcguire. I 5 nothing.
Okay. Uh departmental reports. We have
um
we have
reports from the assessor's office.
Uh
building department. Total fees for the
month of April were $11,172.90.
List of all the permits is in here. It's
always good information.
Doesn't add up. Oh, they had the bonds.
Okay.
See the blight report in there.
I did not either, Scott.
Um,
>> yeah, that's something we should we
definitely need to revisit because um
I've noticed that a couple properties
are definitely out of compliance again.
>> Okay. Um, one thing I I didn't sit there
and see a community center um
report, but I will tell you after
discussions with Tess um uh there was a
grant the grant the $10,000 grant is has
been received. Um she got approval for
that money to assist with um some of the
items including the computer system for
the for the community center. So that's
very positive news.
>> Nice.
>> Yep.
Uh anybody have any questions related to
any of the departmental reports that are
item 13?
I'll also tell you uh
um we're probably going to have to have
um Dominic has been absent from transfer
station. It's something that Matt you're
going to have to work on. We're going to
have to sit there and see what the
future holds for us. Um,
and uh, if anybody has any, um,
>> I was told that he's coming back this
week.
>> I saw him post on Facebook that he was
coming to work this Saturday.
>> Let's sit there and see. Um, I know he's
he's Well, Matt, please make sure that
where we're at with that and we'll we'll
move forward with what we can do with I
have to thank Steve for for being there
for all the days that Dominic has
missed. He's done a great job.
>> Thank you, Steve.
>> Okay. Any anything else related to
departmental reports?
Okay.
Um,
we're going to move item 14 down, but I
I actually don't think Does anybody have
a reason to go into executive session on
the contract?
Any of the members, Jeff, Carol, Ann.
>> Yeah. So, so Matt, like we said, you're
going to move that to the labor attorney
and then back from the labor attorney to
all the members and then from all the
members back to the labor attorney and
test if there's any issues and get this
done. And if we have to have a special
meeting, we'll have a special meeting to
get it approved.
>> Right.
>> Yes.
>> Um, so we're going to skip item 14. Uh,
item 15, I don't believe there's any
correspondence that I've seen. Um, so
we're going to move on to item 16,
public speak.
Uh we're going to start with Diane
Grier.
>> Yes, thank you. Um just a a couple of
things. One being um I'm sad to hear
that Willie Bell is uh leaving. Um he he
did a wonderful job and um he he's it'll
be big shoes to fill. Uh he he was a
great asset to the town of Andover and
will be uh dearly missed. Uh the the
other comment I'd like to make is I'm
very disappointed on how few residents
uh zoomed into this meeting. Um just
what five, six, seven people um with all
the chatter going on on Facebook and
whatever about town things that uh so
few people are interested enough to uh
zoom into the board of selectments
meeting. So um other than that um you
guys did a wonderful job. It's not even
8:30 and you're done. Congratulations.
Thank you.
>> Liz Latchet,
>> I think I think I'm fine for tonight.
Thanks, guys. Thanks for everything.
>> Okay, Stephen King,
>> no comment.
>> Test Gross,
>> I am all set. Thank you, sir.
>> All right, Joanne Eert,
>> I just had a quick comment. um Jeff that
I think it's great that you guys are
looking into um you know possible
retirement options with the hiring of
the town administrator. We had talked
about that a couple years ago with Eric
Anderson. I had had a side comment that
I think it could be um I know you have
the the MURF I think it's called and
it's you know quite costly for the town.
So if there is a chance to offer
alternatives or bring something on it
could be terrific savings for the town.
Thank you.
>> Uh Leanne Hutchinson.
>> Yes. Um have I unmuted myself?
>> Yes.
>> Yes. Thanks. Um I just wanted to say
that with regard to the budget process
and the charter, I think that the
bifurcation is really a positive tool.
Um, I think that once, as we know, um,
in the next referendum, that's what
we're going to be voting on. And I think
it's a really good tool for both the
board of finance and the voters for, um,
how they feel about each respective
budget. And if each either one or or
neither budget passes, um, then it gives
feedback as to what people want changed.
and we can assume that they want
something decreased. So, I think I'm
glad that we have that choice. Now, as
far as tomorrow night's meeting, um I
assume that the board of finance was
going to present the the decreases that
they made, and I understand that no
action is really going to be taken, but
I'm hoping that there's at least going
to be a presentation. That was my
understanding. So, I know you don't um I
don't know if you can answer that now,
but um I'm assuming that that's the
least amount that was going to be done.
Thank you.
>> There is a presentation that's expected
to be made by the board of finance.
>> Thank you.
>> Uh did did I miss anyone? Um I know
Matt, Lisa,
and I didn't ask you guys to talk. I'm
hoping you don't want to.
We all good?
>> All good.
>> All right. All right. I think I got
everybody. Did I miss anybody? If I
missed anybody, I apologize. So, uh,
I'll make a motion that we adjourn.
>> I'll second that.
>> I said we're all in favor, right, Carol?
>> I
>> All right. So, everybody, thank you very
much. Have a good night. Um, appreciate
you